now I restrained myself in this video tutorial
would teach how to download the new side
14 for
ps good
for that the first thing you have to do
is to download this torrent file in the
broadcast of the video serves for author or
bittorrent political forgiveness not what
have to do is drag it to your
torrent or bittorrent
although yes
I canceled it because I already have it die
after it has been downloaded they go to
tower
ww web let's continue
well here what I have to do is
take the first file at first
The music file actually existed was
here
let's hope that it is extracted I press the
video
it is already ending I have
you have to have the best picture
and once it's extracted to get to
this folder
you will find the floor for me
then one side comes in a p esp
with a flyer later is if you do not know
how to emulate I have a video that is what
leave in the description of the video that you
will teach how to thoroughly download emulator
very good that the emulator will run
our solid truth
once emulator output like this
this will not come out
here we give james
gm change language
American Spanish
we are going to
[Music]
at 5
here we are going to download
this
w is commanded
and that this and here we open
game
I already have things and why
recorded to you will run very well
if you liked it I will not comment
rate you subscribe and until next time
remember a like is not wrong